Sample text: Find real answer at https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-overarching-themes-of-Mad-Men/answer/Gaurav-Mokhasi
Note: Mad Men explores a lot of things (sexism, white privilege, ambition, racism, addiction, consumerism, counterculture) and does so with remarkable success but the following is an account of what I believe are the show's overarching themes. This answer is meant to be read in Don Draper's baritone with you sitting in the SC&P conference room in the middle of a client pitch.

No one is who they seem to be. While this plays out literally in the case of Don and Bob Benson, even the other characters on the show are all hiding something. Everyone is selling a lie, not just about the products they advertise but also their lives, and not just to their clients but also to themselves. Each character lies for reasons that are totally different and yet, inherently driven by the same cause - no one wants to be judged. It is telling how little the characters know about each other, despite their lives being intertwined to a large extent.
Sadness can find you in the most unexpected of times. You never know what seemingly insignificant event can set a character off on a downward spiral of self-pity and self-abuse. This also plays into the much larger theme that our life isn't really shaped by single, big events but is rather an ongoing journey that is continually affected by anything and everything that it is exposed to.
There is no reward for trying to be a better person. You do it because you want to (Ken Cosgrove). Don't expect something to happen one day that completely alters your perception and habits. Change takes effort - it entails a constant, conscious struggle against your demons (Ted Chaough). Because after a while, as Roger discovers with LSD and Don discovers with Megan, the initial effects of event-triggered happiness wear off. What do you do then? This leads into the next point.
No one really changes - This is a theme that for me plays itself out most devastatingly through season 6. See: The 'Mad Men' Season 6 Premiere | The Atlantic. The characters on the show give up too easily in their quest for change and sooner rather than later, regress into settings that are flawed but are ones that the characters have become comfortable with living in.
Mad Men is easily the most beautifully depressing show that I have seen. That it will have an unhappy ending seems to be a certainty right from the pilot but somehow, it still keeps us hoping that the characters we have given so much time to will ultimately find happiness. This brings me to the last theme of the show.
Happiness is transient. Regardless of what state a person is in, he always wants something better. Most are disappointed in their efforts, but the pursuit of happiness is never-ending.